Questions 

No of PODs needs to be reviewed and scaled up, if required
Min connection should be 0 for one data functions since it will auto scale up POD's
Rate limit should be set based on the traffic volume for one data functions
What is the acceptable time taken to load (render) the full screen ?
Review DB configurations (Make sure Max connection to DB does not exceed the POD total)
Review MQ and Solace configurations 
"Review static content managememt. (Applicable only for web applications). Recommended to use GEM static content loading."
All records must be encrypted in transit over a network.
EDPP Recommendation Implementation for PII

What is the SLI for the requests
What is the time data frequency/refresh rate for reporting. 
Total number of internet/intranet users that will use the system
What is count of internet/intranet concurrent users at a peak hours in each market (expected TPS)?
What is the growth rate for users per year?
What all business portfolios are intending to use  (current and in future)
POD CPU and Memory needs to be configured and reviewed based on the application usage
Load balancing algorithm should be in Round Robin (RR) at router level
Livenes and Readiness probe configuration
Creating separate SVC IDs for each environment 
What are documentation available for end users. 




Do we have any archiving requirements for articles per market and if yes how long?
What are the auditing requirements per market? (versioning including who modified and when) ??? Sobha
How long do we need to keep audit details. ??? Sobha
What are the hours of operation for each market
How does User Access the system (web, mobile and any other channel)?
What are the different user roles? (if Applicable)
Are there any specific system requirements to use the system (installing components, browser requirements etc.)


What is the data classification?
Baya Threat Modeling

In case of impact/outages, how long the system can be unavailable before back up again?
System data backed up every x hours and copies stored in a secure off-site location?
In the event of disaster what are the responsibilities of different stakeholders? 
Design to support an active-active, GDHA (Geographically Dispersed High Availability) topology. The traffic should be distributed between IPC1, IPC2(R1) and IPC2(R2).
Cognizant of network topologies and optimize traffic routing accordingly.
All APIs should follow RESTful  design principles.
Implement RTF where needed
Adhere with Amex DLS
What is the error messages standards (how do we communicate the end users about the error)
Support mechanism based on error messages?  

How long the system can be inactive before a timeouts?
How long the system should wait before timeout (e.g. 20 seconds)
Network constraints (if any) ???? is it needed????
Regression tests to ensure changes can be tested rapidly and with confidence.  
Adhered to onboard to Heartbeat
Setup iGCSNFRa alerts ( DT1 )
Setup application alerts ( DT1/Splunk ) and configure threshold and INC alerts
Baselining the page response time and availability using tools such as DT Synthetic and RUM(Real User Monitoring)
Engaging ECC team for new applications onboarding
Proper logging should be available with Request/Response/Error/Alert codes
Adding new one data functions to Splunk dashboard
Certificate renewal process ( including expiration alerts )
ACL requests needs to be submitted and connectivity needs to be validated 
Ensure to use GTM WIP's for downstream system interactions (API, SOAP , DB etc)
Unprotected health check URL's
Update Runbook ( IGCSNFRa, Architecture, dependent support groups info )
Define Standard Operational Procedures for common issues
Sign off from all consumer applications (Applicable for web service provider application) 
Communicate  finalized plan  to all the stakeholders (Internal & External teams)
Enabling Multi AZ
New application VIPs should be added for GDHA failover in AppViewX Self Service Tool
Graceful degradation to be incorporate for auto retry 
Identifying peak and non peak hours
Blue and Green deploymnet
PIV automation
Paging should be configured for all the applications
Chaos Testing - DART
Correlation IDs generated at receipt of request, passed on to all subsystems and API calls, and included in all logs







Questions
What is the acceptable time taken to load (render) the full screen (with all images and buttons) of the application after clicking the icon, link or button?
What is the acceptable time the UI can take to respond to action performed by user, e.g. click button to go to next screen?
What is the total number of system users(intranet/internet)
What are the hours of operation for the system?
Within how much time (milliseconds) a REST service call must respond?
Within how much time (minutes) a batch process must complete its processing?
How many concurrent users the system should support?
How many requests a REST service must support per second?
How much data can we store? Will we ever run out of storage space?
Which browsers, operating systems and versions should we expect the software to work on?
How often can we expect the system to be available to use? 
How does it handle critical failures? 
How long does it take for a system to come back online after a failure?
"How to keep application running after an error occurs? What SLA needs to be met on Availability? "
How much Data can the system store and for how long?
Correlation IDs generated at receipt of request, passed on to all subsystems and API calls, and included in all logs
Centralising logs, with all services and instances logging to a single central location
Only logging useful information and fixing errors as they are identified
Implementing third-party monitoring services for crucial areas of the application

Kubernetes(K8s) Pod CPU and Memory configuration based on application usage
Blue green deploymnet
What SLAs need to be meet for Availaibility, ResponseTime.. etc






















